In this class, you'll learn about
the state of the art and also
practice implementing
machine learning
algorithms yourself.
You'll learn about the most
important machine
learning algorithms,
some of which are exactly
what's being used in large AI or
large tech companies
today and you
get a sense of what is the
state of the art in AI.
Beyond learning the algorithms
though, in this class,
you'll also learn all the
important practical tips
and tricks for making
them perform well.
You get to implement
them and see
how they work for yourself.
Why is machine learning
so widely used today?
Machine Learning had grown up as
a sub-field of AI or
artificial intelligence.
We wanted to build
intelligent machines.
It turns out that there are
a few basic things that we
could program a machine to do,
such as how to find the
shortest path from a to b,
like in your GPS.
But for the most part, we just
did not know how to write
an explicit program to
do many of the more
interesting things,
such as perform web search,
recognize human speech, diagnose
diseases from X-rays or
build a self-driving car.
The only way we knew
how to do these things
was to have a machine
learn to do it by itself.
For me, when I founded
and was leading the
Google Brain Team,
I worked on problems
like speech recognition,
computer vision for Google Maps,
Street View images
and advertising,
or leading AI Baidu,
I worked on everything from
AI for augmented reality
to combating payment fraud
to leading a
self-driving car team.
Most recently, at landing.AI,
AI Fund and
Stanford University,
I'm beginning to work on AI
applications in the factory,
large-scale agriculture,
health care,
e-commerce, and other problems.
Today, there are
hundreds of thousands,
perhaps millions of people
working on machine
learning applications who
could tell you similar stories
about their work with
machine learning.
When you've learned
these skills,
I hope that you too will
find the great fun to dabble
in exciting different
applications
and maybe even
different industries.
In fact, I find it
hard to think of
any industry that
machine learning is
unlikely to touch in
a significant way now
or in the near future.
Looking even further
into the future,
many people, including me,
are excited about
the AI dream of
someday building machines as
intelligent as you or me.
This is sometimes called
Artificial General
Intelligence or AGI.
I think AGI has
been overhyped and
we're still a long way
away from that goal.
I don't know. It'll take
50 years or 500 years
or longer to get there.
But mostly AI researchers
believe that the best way to get
closer toward that goal is by
using learning algorithms.
Maybe ones that take
some inspiration
from how the human brain works.
You also hear a
little more about
this Quest for AGI
later in this course.
According to a
study by McKinsey,
AI and machine learning
is estimated to create
an additional 13
trillion US dollars
of value annually
by the year 2030.
Even though machine learning
is already creating
tremendous amounts of value
in the software industry,
I think there could be
even vastly greater
value that has yet to be
created outside the
software industry
in sectors such as retail,
travel, transportation,
automotive, materials
manufacturing, and so on.
Because of the massive
untapped opportunities
across so many
different sectors,
today there is a vast
unfulfilled demand
for this skill set.
That's why this is
such a great time to
be learning about
machine learning.
If you find machine learning
applications exciting,
I hope you stick with
me through this class.
I can almost
guarantee that you'll
find mastering these
skills worthwhile.
In the next video, we'll look at
a more formal definition of
what is machine learning.
And we'll begin to talk about
the main types of
machine learning
problems and algorithms.
You pick up some of
the main machine learning
terminology and start to get
a sense of what are the
different algorithms
and when each one
might be appropriate.
So let's go on to
the next video.